stolostron/backlog#21626--enable klusterlet addon (#3480)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: add-ons/klusterlet_managed.adoc

> [#add-ons-klusterlet]

Author: @zhiweiyin318 can you review this doc, which is actually part of cluster and not MCE?

You can ignore the rest, which is a peer review.

Also, our template asks for a verification step, so can you please give me a last step to give users?

Reviewer: looks great to me.  
yes,  the whole steps are on ACM not MCE since there is no `KlusterletAddonConfig` on MCE.

Author: @zhiweiyin318 is there a verification step we can add?

Author: @zhiweiyin318 if not verification step, I will leave blank.

Reviewer: yes, we can list the `managedClusterAddon` in the cluster namespace to verify whether the enabled `managedClusterAddons` are created after  the `KlusterletAddonConfig` is created.
```
oc get managedclusteraddons -n <cluster namespace>
```

Author: added as verification step

= Enabling klusterlet add-ons on clusters from the multicluster engine for Kubernetes operator 

After you install {product-title} and then create or import clusters with the multicluster engine for Kubernetes operator, you can enable the klusterlet add-ons for those managed clusters.

The klusterlet add-ons are not enabled by default if you created or imported clusters with the multicluster engine for Kubernetes operator. Additionally, klusterlet add-ons are not enabled by default after {product-title-short} is installed.

See the following available klusterlet add-ons:

- application-manager
- cert-policy-controller
- config-policy-controller
- iam-policy-controller
- governance-policy-framework
- search-collector

> The steps to enable the klusterlet add-ons for these managed clusters after the ACM is installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Complete the following steps to enable the klusterlet add-ons for the managed clusters after the {product-title-short} is installed:
```

. Create a YAML file that is similar to the following `KlusterletAddonConfig`, with the `spec` value that represents the add-ons:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: agent.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: KlusterletAddonConfig
metadata:
  name: <cluster_name>
  namespace: <cluster_name>
spec:
  applicationManager:
    enabled: true
  certPolicyController:
    enabled: true
  iamPolicyController:
    enabled: true
  policyController:
    enabled: true
  searchCollector:
    enabled: true
----

> **Note:** `policyController` controls the `governance-policy-framework` and `config-policy-controller` `managedClusterAddons`.

Reviewer 3: Not sure I understand this note. Maybe the `and` is at the wrong place?

Author: thanks, @zhiweiyin318 does that make sense?

Reviewer: yes, it's `and`.   `policyController` filed enable/disable the 2 addons .

. Save the file as `klusterlet-addon-config.yaml`.

> . Apply the YAML by running the following command on the hub cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Apply the YAML by running the following command on the hub cluster:
```
